---
layout: post
title:  "Packing"
date:   2016-07-14
tags: ["travel", "study abroad"]
excerpt_separator: <!-- more -->
---

## Packing Woes
As of today, the blog is officially up. I hope everyone will enjoy hearing things about my study abroad experiences and my traveling adventures while I'm away. My flight leaves tomorrow night, so I spent the entirety of yesterday with my room in shambles, trying to fit everything I need for the next six months inside two suitcases. I think I actually did pretty<!-- more --> well for myself considering I'll be gone so long. I didn't even fill up the second suitcase completely. I also opted to invest in a more practical carry-on because I may do some solo traveling toward the end of the semester. What I had originally planned on bringing was one of those Vera Bradley duffel bags, but after toting that thing around the Atlanta airport, I found that it kept falling off my shoulder while I was walking and it was just generally kind of a pain to bring around. So I figure I need something that I can walk around with that won't cause too much trouble. After much research, I decided on the [Kelty Women's Redwing 40](https://kelty.com/womens-redwing-40/) because it's the perfect carry-on size (even with strict airlines) and fits comfortably on my back. So I've got all my things packed and I'm ready to leave tomorrow!

## Pre-travel Reflections
I'd say the thing I'm most nervous about for this trip is meeting new people and making new friends. I've never been terribly outgoing and even starting college it took me several months to find people to hang out with. So I guess I'm a bit nervous to essentially become a freshman again. But I'm hoping it won't be too bad because everyone is kinda in the same boat, especially the other exchange students. I'm staying in an apartment complex that has a good mix of local Australians and international students, so I'm hoping I'll get a good mix of roommates as well. The complex does regular events as well to help the residents get to know new people. I signed up for my classes this week which has me realizing how close everything is. I'm also incredibly excited for it to be winter over there because this Texas heat is becoming more and more unbearable as the summer goes on.

I finished up my internship with Emerson Process Management yesterday, which was a great learning experience and I'm glad I was able to learn so much in just 8 weeks. Hopefully I'll be able to breeze through these software development classes and spend all of my time exploring the city!
