---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my Blog"
date:   2016-06-23
tags: ["travel", "programming", "welcome"]
excerpt_separator: <!-- more -->
---

## Welcome!
Hello there! If you don't know me already, my name is Diana and I'm a 22 year old student at The University of Texas at Austin. As a part of my professional portfolio, I decided to create this blog so I can share tips about software development that I run across. More frequently though, it will likely be filled with ways that I overcame the many challenges of working in field that changes so rapidly<!-- more --> (stackoverflow is every developer's best friend). Since I'm not a robot, I also wanted to be able to add posts about my travel experiences and other fun parts of my life. So this blog serves as a place for me to talk about anything and everything that I want to share with the world.

### About Me
I was raised in Georgia and came out to Texas for college. Originally, I declared a major in electrical engineering to pursue my passion for robotics. I had taken engineering for all four years of high school and had a fair bit of exposure to programming robots. I wanted to continue my love of robotics in college and UT has an incredibly strong electrical engineering program. After taking my core hardware and software classes, I began leaning more toward the software engineering side of things and started experimenting with web development as a hobby. I was immediately hooked. The thing I love most about web development is that the technology changes so rapidly that there's always something to learn. I'm the type of person that loves to learn new things and thrives most when there's a lot of variation in what I do, so being able to learn and use so many different technologies has made web development something that I just can't put down. After I graduate I hope to turn my passion for web development into a career so I can do what I love every day.

### About the blog
This blog was built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), which I've used in the past for a small blog for a class. I like its simplicity and how easy it is to update the blog and add posts, so I can spend more time writing words rather than HTML. I built the blog from scratch and didn't use a theme, in an attempt to show off some of my web design skills. I also included a photo gallery so visitors can see all the cool pictures I take on my trip as well as the pictures I take when I get home. So this blog is a simple way to show off my web dev skills as well as share my thoughts with the world.

### Prepare for lots of travel pics
Exactly three weeks from tomorrow, I will be leaving for a six-month study abroad program in Melbourne, Australia. So instead of making a whole separate WordPress blog or something like that, I just figured I'd toss in some travel posts intermittently with my software development posts. I'm not much of a social media person but I do want to share my experiences with the people who want to follow what I'm up to over there. So get ready for some cool stories and fun pictures about my travel experiences!

I'm so excited to finally have a place to share my thoughts, so thank you for visiting!
